good eye oh dear I've made quite a mess
hey stop you scared the hell out of me
just watch her back I think it's fine
goodbye
what's yours they never see it coming
everybody else is so trigger-happy so
violent when all it really takes is just
a little bit of finesse and a pinch of
style
that's why is not one of ours give them
bullets and you get bullets but you give
them an invisible man everybody always
asked me how do you do it
I say have you ever played that game
hide and go seek it's a lot like that
only you die all others ask me why I do
it my answer
because it's a lot like hide-and-go-seek
only you die
what can I say I am a child at heart
all right feel good